hey guys so if you know me you know that
I'm an enormous fan of the movie to help
and one of my favorite characters is
Minnie Jackson today we're going to be
making mini Jackson inspired my shit so
good now the ingredients you're going to
be needing for this tutorial are a pie
crust and some sugar some unsweetened
cocoa butter eggs salt evaporated milk
that good vanilla from Mexico and last
but not least some shit now any mini
Jackson pie recipe that doesn't contain
chips is obviously not authentic and we
want to make this as close to the movie
as possible look I even class it up with
a little garnish oh my god this is some
classy ass shit so the first thing you
want to do is you want to grab a bowl
and you want to mix together the sugar
the cocoa powder and butter there's
anything I know making shit hot just
makes laughs feel better mixing a shit
pie mix and shit tonics and shit
now that that's mixed you want to take
your eggs and you want to whisk them for
about three minutes and while you're
whisking you want to whisper this three
beautiful sentences seriously I am kind
I am smooth awesome Oh beans okay now
that your eggs are whisk you want to add
them into the bowl this is gonna be
fantastic along with your evaporated
milk your salts and that good vanilla
from Mexico how would you say that in
Mexican Spanish how would you say that
in Spanish whispers you're so I do a
scintilla John Day to a soup or you want
to just take your shit and break it up
with a fork Oh reminds me of salsa fresh
and chunky I'm making some horrible life
decisions right now oh man
mmm want to just add that into the rest
of the batter just like so oh my god I
got it on my pants it's all over my
hands then you want to incorporate it
give it a quick stir make sure it's
fully incorporated into the we're just
gonna take the pie crust and just put in
all of the filling this looks like
heaven
here we go oh my god it's giggling now
that your pie is done you want to put it
in the oven at 335 degrees for about 45
minutes Abra Cadabra Alakazam
what's ready there you are your very own
eat my shit chocolate ha pipe it for an
asshole
it's chocolate do you really think I'm
gonna put poop in my mouth
pothe it for a queen
one that makes you go back into the
house and polish the silver on fourth of
July and we just love not getting the
minimum wage or social security and how
we love they children when they little
and then they grow up to be just like
they mamas she did it three tries I took
three tries remember to Like comment and
share this with your friends and I will
see you guys very very soon bye